= stopcommits

* http://github.com/txemagon/stopcommits.git

== DESCRIPTION:

This is a svn hook that prevents a commit if the commiter has used a class belonging to 
a list of deprecated classes.


== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* When a class is commented out, it still stops the commit itself.

== SYNOPSIS:

Stopcommits is a command line application to be used as a svn hook that prevents validating
a commit when a deprecated class can be found inside the code.

Several parameters can be set when invoking the binary (checkpatch). 

Filename of the files to be analyzed have to match a particular criteria specified through a 
list of regular expressions. Option -e specifies the given filename.

The list of deprecated classes is set with option -d.
Information about where to find the repacement components is set with -c parameter.

Use checkpatch -h for further reference.


== REQUIREMENTS:

* yaml support
* svn repository in the local machine. ssh support is easy to implement. Drop me a mail if you are interested in some easy improvements.

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install stopcommits
* copy the files in config/ into your ./stopcommits dir. Remove the extension .example and edit these files to avoid command line parameters.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 txemagon / imasen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
